Blunt Inky Yeti

high

# The liquidation process cannot get done due to insufficient balance
## Summary
Call to the `liquidateVaultsForToken`, in order to conducts the liquidation process for a specific token across a list of vaults, will get reverted.

## Vulnerability Detail
Once rewards are claimed, they are sent to the Liquidator Row contract for subsequent liquidation. `LiquidationRow.sol` is the smart contract responsible for liquidating reward tokens into another asset, such as WETH.  this contract calls the Swapper contract to swap the token against the target token (which in turn calls an external aggregator).
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/liquidation/LiquidationRow.sol#L117

The `_performLiquidation` is the method responsible for running the swap trought `AsyncSwapper.sol` contract.
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/liquidation/LiquidationRow.sol#L251

In the `BaseAsyncSwapper.sol.Swap` function, the contract will save balance for sell token as `sellTokenBalance` and compare value of `sellTokenBalance` to the `swapParams.sellAmount`. If there is not enough balance to cover the swap process, the transaction will get reverted and the liquidation process will not be done.
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/liquidation/BaseAsyncSwapper.sol#L27C1-L32C10

```solidity

        IERC20 sellToken = IERC20(swapParams.sellTokenAddress);
        IERC20 buyToken = IERC20(swapParams.buyTokenAddress);
        uint256 sellTokenBalance = sellToken.balanceOf(address(this));
        if (sellTokenBalance < swapParams.sellAmount) {
            revert InsufficientBalance(sellTokenBalance, swapParams.sellAmount);
        }
```

If you see the `LiquidationRow.sol` contract, there is not `Approve` to the `AsyncSwapper.sol` contract and there is no transfer from `LiquidationRow.sol` contract to the `AsyncSwapper.sol` contract. So always `sellTokenBalance` is lower than `swapParams.sellAmount` and the liquidation process cannot get done.

## Impact
The liquidation process cannot get done and rewards from `vault.collectRewards()` will get stuck in the `LiquidationRow.sol` contract.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/liquidation/LiquidationRow.sol#L167
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/liquidation/BaseAsyncSwapper.sol#L19

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make sure that the `AsyncSwapper.sol` contract has enough balance to perform the `sellToken` swap. Transfer `swapParams.sellAmount` to the `AsyncSwapper.sol` contract, before making the call to `IAsyncSwapper(asyncSwapper).swap`.