Lucky Magenta Squid

high

# Wrong decimal used for pricing wrongly sets `existing.fastFilterPrice` and `existing.slowFilterPrice` erroneously high
## Summary
Calculation for average price is done incorrectly due to the multiplying of uneccessary decimals.

## Vulnerability Detail
When we retrieve our price, `uint256 price = pricer.getPriceInEth(token)`, we get back our price in ETH normalised to 18 decimals from our oracles.

But when we calculate our average price, `uint256 averagePrice = existing._initAcc * 1e18 / INIT_SAMPLE_COUNT`, we multiply it by 1e18 again. This is normally used to ensure our decimals is correct after the calculation if the denominator is in 18 decimals too. However, in this case, `INIT_SAMPLE_COUNT` is a constant set to 18. This means that we are wrongly calculating average price to be wrong with a magnitude of 18 decimals.

And hence, both `existing.fastFilterPrice` and `existing.slowFilterPrice` will be set wrongly when `existing._initCount == INIT_SAMPLE_COUNT`. 

If we look at our implementation of `getFilteredValue()`, we can confirm that decimals for price should be 18 decimals.

## Impact
The EWMA incentive pricing for the LMP is going to be very wrong causing potentially huge losses.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/stats/calculators/IncentivePricingStats.sol#L137
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/stats/calculators/IncentivePricingStats.sol#L156
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/stats/Stats.sol#L79-L86

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Calculate `averagePrice = existing.initAcc / INIT_SAMPLE_COUNT` instead.