Clean Mulberry Gecko

high

# Inflating account balance to steal rewards from LMPVault's MainRewarder
## Summary

Malicious users could steal the rewards of others by temporarily inflating their balance in the LMPVault's MainRewarder.

## Vulnerability Detail

The following are PoC for the attack:

1. Assume that Bob, the malicious user, owned only 5 LMPVault shares, and he is entitled to 0.1 TOKE per share. Thus, he is eligible to claim 0.5 TOKE of rewards in total.

   > `balanceOf(Bob)` = 5 shares (5e18)
   >
   > `rewardPerToken() - userRewardPerTokenPaid[account]` = 0.1 TOKE

   https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/rewarders/AbstractRewarder.sol#L204

   ```solidity
   File: AbstractRewarder.sol
   204:     function earned(address account) public view returns (uint256) {
   205:         return (balanceOf(account) * (rewardPerToken() - userRewardPerTokenPaid[account]) / 1e18) + rewards[account];
   206:     }
   ```

2. Before claiming the reward, Bob performs a flash loan to obtain a large number of base assets (WETH) OR he could also perform this attack without a flash-loan if he is well-funded.

3. He deposits the borrowed base assets (WETH) to the LMPVault, which will mint 99,995 shares. Thus, he owned a total of 100,000 shares at this point.

4. Bob proceeds to claim the rewards. The `balanceOf` function of the reward contracts relies on the `balanceOf` function of the LMPVault. As such, `AbstractRewarder.balanceOf` function will return 100,000 shares

   https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/rewarders/AbstractRewarder.sol#L155

   ```solidity
   File: AbstractRewarder.sol
   155:     function balanceOf(address account) public view returns (uint256) {
   156:         return stakeTracker.balanceOf(account);
   157:     }
   ```

5. Bob will receive 10,000 TOKE (100,000 shares * 0.1 TOKE) as his reward.

6. Withdraw all the shares from the LMPVault. Fortunately, there is no withdrawal fee charged by the LMPVault.

7. If he uses a flash loan earlier, repay the loan. The flash loan fee is negligible (2 WEI on dydx).

8. In the end, Bob stole around 9,999.5 TOKE from the reward contract and other users (10,000 TOKE - 0.5 TOKE)

## Impact

Rewards in the contracts and rewards that belong to others are stolen by malicious users

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/rewarders/AbstractRewarder.sol#L204

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/rewarders/AbstractRewarder.sol#L155

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider implementing measures to mitigate the issues:

1) Implement its own accounting system to keep track of user balances in the Reward contracts instead of relying on the `stakeTracker` contract (e.g. LMPVault or Destination Vault).
2) Implement a deposit or withdrawal fee to make this attack economically less viable
3) Do not allow users to deposit and withdraw within the same block.