Perfect Dijon Leopard

medium

# Abusers can benefit from the long dispute window of `TellorOracle`
## Summary

An attacker can benefit from the dispute window (30 minutes) by peeking at the "future" price.
An attacker can stale Tello Oracle cheaply if the data feed frequency is low.
By disputing the price in the case of loss, the attacker can prevent their loss as the result other innocent users will bear the loss.

## Vulnerability Detail

Tellor is an decentralized optimistic oracle. It relies on the reporters to submitValue and disputers to correct the price feed, in the case of a misbehavior of the reporters.
It means there is no fixed schedule of update of the price information, but rather it depends on the tips given and the popularity of the feed.

1. Long dispute window (30 minutes) may give an opportunity for some users prevent their losses and let other users bear the loss.
`TellorOracle::getPriceInEth` gets the data from 30 minutes ago. So users can see the future by checking the current price's movement and react on the LMPVault using the stale price.
For example, asset1 is using Tellor oracle, and its price is downward in real time. An user might decide to cut the loss by withdrawing from LMPVault. After 30 minutes, the decreased price will be reflected.
Or the price of the asset1 went up in real time. An user knows that LMPVault's share will appreciate in 30 minutes, so they will deposit now. Then after 30 minutes they will withdraw after the upward price is reflected to the LMPVault's share.
If these trades are done repeatedly, eventually the abuser will make profit off other users.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/oracles/providers/TellorOracle.sol#L105

2. Low data frequency makes it cheap to dispute the price feed, forcing the LMPVault to use stale price
It is unclear which price feed will be from Tellor, but bear in mind that many price feed in Tellor is low frequency.
For example, reth/usd price in the Tellor (queryId: 0x0bc2d41117ae8779da7623ee76a109c88b84b9bf4d9b404524df04f7d0ca4ca7), has the `timestampRetrieved` of 1687957043, which is approximitely 2 months ago.

When the data feed frequency is low, it gets cheap to dispute the submitted price and therefore makes the price feed stale
(See https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-02-ethos-findings/issues/772).
In the given reference, the auditor is using ETH/USD in Optimism. But similar problem applies for other ERC20 tokens in mainnet, due to the low feed frequency for non-major data feeds.

One can benefit from stale price in the same manner as the first vulnerability mentioned above.


## Impact

An attacker can profit off other users by taking profit without risk.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/oracles/providers/TellorOracle.sol#L105

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider shortening the dispute window and tipping the reporters to ensure higher feed frequency.
Alternatively, consider not using Tellor

