Gorgeous Blonde Seagull

false

# Low data feed frequency from Tellor makes your protocol vulnerable to flash loan attacks
## Summary

An attacker can hack Tellor Oracle cheaply for a few hours and perform an instant loan attack to make a profit.

To explain this problem, I will first compare Chainlink with Tellor.

Most ERC-20 tokens are generally much more volatile than ETH and BTC. Chainlink has triggers of 0.5% for BTC and ETH and 1% for other assets. This is done so that you reduce the error by these values.

Tellor, on the other hand, is an optimistic oracle. Stakers use the oracle system to put data in the submitValue(..) chain, which is directly rendered in the oracle. The security is that data consumers must wait for some dispute windows to allow time for others to dispute the data and remove invalid or malicious data.

This is what happened to a bug Liquity found last year when they were reading instant data.

## Vulnerability Detail

After explaining this and back to your code, you have two errors:

1) First error: default dispute time = 30 minutes
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/oracles/providers/TellorOracle.sol#L105

You may be using 20 minutes because that's the default in the Tellor documentation. However, in Liquity they use 15 minutes for ETH because, according to them, an analysis was made of the behavior of ETH volatility.

Basically there is a trade-off between the volatility of an asset and the time of the dispute. The more time, the safer to have time to challenge, but more likely to read such an old value. Less time to dispute means fewer errors, but not having time to dispute can expose you to the risk of reading a manipulated value.

In your case, you are using more volatile assets, so theoretically, if the liquidity analysis is correct, you should be spending less time on ERC20 assets.

2) Tellor's data rate is very low, so breaking it is cheap.

Detailed information is described in a similar error:
https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-02-ethos-findings/issues/772

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/oracles/providers/TellorOracle.sol#L105

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Better not to use Tellor
