Joyous Heather Bobcat

medium

# Protocol use balancer totalSupply() in BalancerLPMetaStableEthOracle#getPriceInEth may lead to wrong price
## Summary

BalancerLPMetaStableEthOracle#getPriceInEth use `pool.totalSupply()` when getting price for LP calculated which maybe lead to wrong results.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the [balancer doc](https://docs.balancer.fi/concepts/advanced/valuing-bpt/valuing-bpt.html#getting-bpt-supply)

- `getActualSupply`:
This is the most common/current function to call. getActualSupply is used by the most recent versions of Weighted and Stable Pools. It accounts for pre-minted BPT as well as due protocol fees.

- `getVirtualSupply`:
This is used by Linear Pools and "legacy" Stable Phantom Pools. It accounts for pre-minted BPT but does not take due protocol fees into account. The omission of protocol fee calculations in Linear Pools is intentional since they do not pay protocol fees.

- `totalSupply`:
In general, totalSupply only makes sense to call for older "legacy" pools. The original Weighted and Stable Pools do not have pre-minted BPT, so they follow the typical convention of using totalSupply to account for issued pool shares.

which in the case of most recent pools can lead to very wrong calculations because of all the pre-minted BPT.

reference: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-blueberry-judging/issues/18

## Impact

Maybe get wrong price for older "legacy" pools.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/oracles/providers/BalancerLPMetaStableEthOracle.sol#L35-L79


## Tool used

vscode, Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider use `getActualSupply` instead of `totalSupply`.
