Happy Plastic Crow

high

# In Staking, function previewPoints() wrongly credits extra time to anyone
## Summary
Users' reward `multiplier` is based on [startEpoch](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/staking/GPToke.sol#L192), which is the start of all staking time, instead of the time they started to stake. Due to this, users who stake late will receive much greater rewards than they should, because the time that passed from beginning of the staking will be still accounted as part of the user staking time. Due to this, users who stake later from start are favoured vs early adopters and will earn more rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail
Function `previewPoints` in [GPToke.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/staking/GPToke.sol#L183) is used by all other staking-related routines to figure out proper amount of points for a staking period (so also by `stake()` and `extend()`. Depending on time users decide to lock, their `multiplier` which multiplies `points` (the amount of shares) by the more value, the more they decide to lock their tokens for. For example, minimum locking period gives a multiplier close to 1, which causes the points vaule to in fact not being multiplied, while locking for two years results in the multiplier being around 3, which greatly increases the points value, and the points further influence the share of the rewards received by the staking user . The points are calculated based on formula:

```solidity
 uint256 start = block.timestamp > startEpoch ? block.timestamp : startEpoch;
        end = start + duration;
        uint256 endYearpoc = ((end - startEpoch) * 1e18) / 365 days; //@audit-issue late stakers get extra time, it should be start instead of startEpoch
        uint256 multiplier = PRBMathUD60x18.pow(YEAR_BASE_BOOST, endYearpoc); 
        points = (amount * multiplier) / 1e18;

```
since `startEpoch` is used, users will always have their `endYearPoc` calculated based off the start of global staking instead of the time they really staked. the startEpoch is not changed elsewhere in the code, just set in the beginning. This means that if some users stake later than others, the latter will receive more points as if they were staking from the beginning.

## Impact
Users earn more than they should base on the lockup time. Users who stake at time that allows them to break a one year (or multiple years) from start are favoured vs early adopters. The impact is medium, because it will influence some users to receive more rewards than they should (due to having more points) but the probability is high, as it will affect all staking users, thus rating it as high.

## Code Snippet
Consider following PoC. User who stakes for 100 days earlier has lower APY than user who stakes later. 
```solidity
    function testPreviewPoints() public {
        //skip(ONE_YEAR - 100 days);
        (uint256 points, uint256 end) = gpToke.previewPoints(stakeAmount, 100 days);
        assertEq(points, 1_799_999_999_999_999_984);
        assertEq(end, block.timestamp + 100 days);
    }
```

When line is commented out:
```text
  Error: a == b not satisfied [uint]
    Expected: 1799999999999999984
      Actual: 1174728952707513266
```
So normally, when staking for  only 100 days the multiplier is close to 1.1. But when the first line is NOT commented out and the staking starts later:
```text
Test result: ok.
```
then a user who staked for 100 days later on, is now eligible for 1.7 multiplier which normally is given to those, who stake for a year. Due to that, this user will receive more points in that period and will receive similar share of the reward pool as users who decided to lock their tokens for longer.


## Tool used

Manual Review
Foundry

## Recommendation
Use `start` instead of `startEpoch` when calculating `endYearPoc`, so:

```solidity
uint256 start = block.timestamp > startEpoch ? block.timestamp : startEpoch;
end = start + duration;
uint256 endYearpoc = ((end - start) * 1e18) / 365 days; 
```
