Broad Tweed Tiger

medium

# LMPDebt.rebalance can't correctly handle destination where underlying == base asset
## Summary
LMPDebt.rebalance can't correctly handle destination where underlying == base asset. Such destinations will break accounting.
## Vulnerability Detail
`LMPDebt.rebalance` is used to rebalance funds. Caller should provide rebalancing params.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/libs/LMPDebt.sol#L111-L126
```solidity
        if (params.amountIn > 0) {
            // transfer dv underlying lp from swapper to here
            IERC20(params.tokenIn).safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), params.amountIn);


            // deposit to dv (already checked in `verifyRebalance` so no need to check return of deposit)


            if (params.tokenIn != address(baseAsset)) {
                IDestinationVault dvIn = IDestinationVault(params.destinationIn);
                (uint256 debtDecreaseIn, uint256 debtIncreaseIn) =
                    _handleRebalanceIn(destInfoIn, dvIn, params.tokenIn, params.amountIn);
                idleDebtChange.debtDecrease += debtDecreaseIn;
                idleDebtChange.debtIncrease += debtIncreaseIn;
            } else {
                idleDebtChange.idleIncrease += params.amountIn;
            }
        }
```

This part of code is responsible to send funds to the destination or LMPVault.
As you can see, in case if `params.tokenIn != address(baseAsset)`, this is the signal that funds should be sent to destination vault.
Otherwise, they will be just added as `idleDebtChange.idleIncrease`, which assumes that funds were sent to the vault.
The problem is that it's possible that destionation vault will have same underlying token as `baseAsset`.
And in this case, when funds should be provided from `LMPVault` to the destination, they instead will be double counted and will break accounting and change exchange rate.
Same problem exists for `_handleRebalanceOut` function.
## Impact
Accounting will be broken.
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I guess that you need another param that will say if you want to send tokens to destination or they were sent to the vault.