Mini Onyx Terrier

medium

# Precision Loss in Price Calculation of `BalancerLPComposableStableEthOracle`
## Summary
The `getPriceInEth` function calculates the price of a given Balancer Composable Stable pool in terms of ETH. The vulnerability arises from using fixed-point arithmetic with 18 decimal places and the potential for rounding errors during intermediate operations. This could lead to precision loss in the price calculation.
## Vulnerability Detail
Here, `tokenPrice` represents the price of an individual token in terms of ETH, and `minPrice` keeps track of the minimum token price among all tokens (excluding the BPT).
```solidity
for (uint256 i = 0; i < nTokens;) {
    if (i != bptIndex) {
        // Our prices are always in 1e18
        uint256 tokenPrice = systemRegistry.rootPriceOracle().getPriceInEth(address(tokens[i]));
        tokenPrice = tokenPrice * 1e18 / pool.getTokenRate(tokens[i]);
        if (tokenPrice < minPrice) {
            minPrice = tokenPrice;
        }
    }
    unchecked {
        ++i;
    }
}
```
The precision loss can occur during the following steps:
1. **Token Price Retrieval**: The function fetches the price of the token in ETH from the root price oracle using `systemRegistry.rootPriceOracle().getPriceInEth(address(tokens[i]))`. This price is assumed to be represented with 18 decimal places.
2. **Division Operation**: The retrieved token price is then divided by the token rate in the pool using `tokenPrice = tokenPrice * 1e18 / pool.getTokenRate(tokens[i])`. The 1e18 scaling factor converts the token price to 18 decimal places for consistent representation.
The issue arises here because the division operation can introduce rounding errors when converting the token price to the pool's reference currency (ETH). The division might not yield an exact result due to the fixed-point arithmetic used.

For example, let's assume a token price of 1000000000000000000 wei (1 ETH), and the token rate in the pool is 2 (2 wei). After the division, we expect the token price in terms of ETH to be 0.5 ETH. However, due to rounding errors in fixed-point arithmetic, the result might be slightly different, leading to a precision loss.

This precision loss can accumulate during the loop, affecting the overall `minPrice`, and ultimately, the final price of the pool calculated as `(minPrice * pool.getRate()) / 1e18`.
## Impact
Inaccurate Price Representation
## Code Snippet
(
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/oracles/providers/BalancerLPComposableStableEthOracle.sol#L50-L63
)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use Established Fixed-Point Libraries