Mini Onyx Terrier

medium

# Risk of Stale Token Prices in BalancerLPComposableStableEthOracle
## Summary
The `BalancerLPComposableStableEthOracle` contract calculates the price of Balancer Composable Stable pools in terms of Ethereum (ETH). However, there is a possibility of receiving stale prices from the root price oracle used in the contract.
## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability arises from the reliance on the root price oracle to fetch token prices in the `getPriceInEth` function of the `BalancerLPComposableStableEthOracle` contract. Let's examine the relevant code snippet:
```solidity
function getPriceInEth(address token) external returns (uint256 price) {
    // Input validation, reentrancy check, and pool retrieval are not shown for brevity.

    // Looping over the pool tokens (excluding the BPT)
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < nTokens;) {
        if (i != bptIndex) {
            // Token price calculation (omitted for brevity)
        }
        unchecked {
            ++i;
        }
    }

    // Price calculation (omitted for brevity)
}
```
The BalancerLPComposableStableEthOracle contract lacks a clear threshold on when the oracle is updated, and updates depend on gas fees. As a result, during periods of expensive gas fees, the oracle might not be updated frequently enough, leading to the acceptance of stale prices as the current prices for assets and stablecoins.
The contract does not include checks on round IDs and timestamps when fetching prices from the root price oracle. As a result, stale prices might be fetched without proper validation, potentially leading to inaccurate price 
## Impact
Stale prices can result in incorrect price calculations, leading to misleading information for users and applications relying on the price oracle.
## Code Snippet
(
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/oracles/providers/BalancerLPComposableStableEthOracle.sol#L50-L63
)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Introduce checks on round IDs and timestamps when fetching prices from the root price oracle. Verify that the fetched prices are recent and not outdated to prevent the acceptance of stale prices.