Mini Onyx Terrier

medium

# Insufficient Token Approvals in addLiquidity Function
## Summary
The `addLiquidity` function allows liquidity to be deployed to Balancer or Beethoven pools. However, it lacks proper token approval checks before executing the liquidity deposit. This can lead to failed deposits and user frustration, as well as potential issues if the contract lacks the necessary approvals to interact with the external pool contracts.
## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability lies in the following code snippet within the `addLiquidity` function:
```solidity
bptBalances[0] = IBalancerPool(pool).balanceOf(address(this));

vault.joinPool(
    poolId,
    address(this), // sender
    address(this), // recipient of BPT token
    _getJoinPoolRequest(pool, tokens, exactTokenAmounts, minLpMintAmount)
);

bptBalances[1] = IBalancerPool(pool).balanceOf(address(this));
if (bptBalances[1] < bptBalances[0] + minLpMintAmount) {
    revert BalanceMustIncrease();
}
```
The function initializes an array `bptBalances` to store the balance of the contract's address (`address(this)`) in the Balancer pool before the liquidity deposit. The `joinPool` function is then called to deposit the liquidity to the pool.

However, the function does not include checks to ensure that the contract has the necessary token approvals before calling `joinPool`. If the contract lacks the required approvals for any of the tokens involved in the liquidity deposit, the `joinPool` function will fail, and the liquidity deposit will not be successful. Consequently, the balances of LP tokens (`bptBalances[1]`) will remain the same as before (`bptBalances[0]`), leading to the condition `bptBalances[1] < bptBalances[0] + minLpMintAmount` being true. As a result, the function will revert with the "BalanceMustIncrease" error, preventing the liquidity deployment.
## Impact
The lack of token approvals in the `addLiquidity` function can lead to failed liquidity deposits and cause user inconvenience. Additionally, it may result in unnecessary gas costs as users attempt to use the function without providing the required approvals. Furthermore, if the contract lacks the necessary approvals for critical tokens, it can potentially disrupt the intended functionality of the contract and render it non-functional.
## Code Snippet
(
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/destinations/adapters/BalancerBeethovenAdapter.sol#L88-L139
)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address the issue of insufficient token approvals, the `addLiquidity` function should be updated with proper checks to ensure that the contract has the necessary approvals before calling the `joinPool` function. 