Mini Onyx Terrier

high

# Potential Reentrancy attack in `removeLiquidity` Function
## Summary
The `removeLiquidity` function allows users to withdraw liquidity from a Balancer or Beethoven pool. However, the function lacks the implementation of a non-reentrant flag, leaving it vulnerable to potential reentrancy attacks. This could lead to unintended behavior during liquidity withdrawal, manipulation of contract state, and potential loss of liquidity or assets from the pool.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `removeLiquidity` function is missing the implementation of a non-reentrant flag, as evident from the provided code snippet:
```solidity
function removeLiquidity(
    ...
    address[] calldata tokens,
    ...
)
```
A `non-reentrant` flag is essential to prevent reentrancy attacks, where a contract's function is called repeatedly before completing the previous invocation. In the context of `removeLiquidity`, this could be exploited by an attacker to repeatedly call the function while it is still processing the withdrawal request. Consequently, the contract's state could be manipulated unexpectedly, and the contract might lose liquidity or assets from the pool.
## Impact
Reentrancy Exploitation: An attacker exploiting reentrancy could repeatedly call the function before it completes its execution, leading to unexpected state changes and potential manipulation of contract data. This could result in the loss of liquidity or assets from the pool and disrupt its balance, adversely affecting other users.
## Code Snippet
(
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/destinations/adapters/BalancerBeethovenAdapter.sol#L141-L187
)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
```solidity
modifier non-reentrant {
    // Ensure the function can only be executed once at a time
    require(!_locked, "Reentrant call");
    _locked = true;
    _;
    // Reset the _locked flag after the function completes
    _locked = false;
}

bool private _locked;

function removeLiquidity(
    IVault vault,
    address pool,
    address[] calldata tokens,
    uint256[] calldata exactAmountsOut,
    uint256 maxLpBurnAmount
) public returns (uint256[] memory actualAmounts) non-reentrant {
    // Rest of the function logic
}
```
By using the `non-reentrant` modifier, the function now includes the necessary non-reentrant flag implementation, preventing reentrant calls during the execution of the `removeLiquidity` function. 