Mini Onyx Terrier

medium

# Potential Underflow disrupting the entire liquidation process in `_prepareForLiquidation` Function
## Summary
 The `_prepareForLiquidation` function, designed to facilitate the liquidation process by calculating balances and adjusting state, may be vulnerable to underflow, leading to unexpected behavior or erroneous contract states.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `_prepareForLiquidation` function is meant to calculate the total balance to be liquidated from a set of vaults and update the associated balances and state. In this process, an underflow vulnerability can emerge due to the subtraction of the vault balance from the total token balance without proper validation. Consider the following line of code:
```solidity
totalTokenBalances[fromToken] -= vaultBalance;
```
If the `vaultBalance` exceeds the `totalTokenBalances[fromToken]`, an underflow can occur. This situation is particularly concerning since underflows in Ethereum's unsigned integer arithmetic can lead to unexpected large numbers that may compromise the contract's logic.
## Impact
Incorrect calculations due to an underflow could result in an inaccurate assessment of the total balance to be liquidated. This could lead to insufficient funds being allocated for the liquidation process, potentially causing the liquidation to fail or not cover the intended scope.
Furthermore, inaccurate updates to vault balances and token balances could result in discrepancies in the contract's internal state. As a result, the contract might not accurately reflect the holdings and status of vaults, tokens, and overall balances. This could ultimately impair the ability of the contract to manage and distribute assets effectively, potentially disrupting its core functionality and the successful execution of subsequent operations dependent on accurate balances.
## Code Snippet
(
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/liquidation/LiquidationRow.sol#L201-L212
)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this issue, it's essential to perform a validation check before subtracting the `vaultBalance` from `totalTokenBalances[fromToken]`. Consider the following example code snippet:
```solidity
if (vaultBalance > totalTokenBalances[fromToken]) {
    revert InsufficientBalance();
}
totalTokenBalances[fromToken] -= vaultBalance;
```
In this example, the `InsufficientBalance()` custom error should be defined within the contract. This validation ensures that the subtraction operation doesn't result in an underflow, safeguarding the contract's integrity and user funds.