Mini Onyx Terrier

medium

# Possible incorrect token distribution due to Inconsistent Alignment of Arrays for Liquidation in `_performLiquidation` function
## Summary
 The smart contract's liquidation process relies on two arrays, `vaultsToLiquidate` and `vaultsBalances`, which need to be properly aligned. The function responsible for the liquidation doesn't explicitly verify the alignment, potentially leading to incorrect token distributions and inaccurate records.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `_performLiquidation` function aims to handle the liquidation process based on the provided arrays and parameters. However, it lacks a verification step to ensure that the `vaultsToLiquidate` array aligns correctly with the `vaultsBalances` array. The alignment is crucial because each vault in the `vaultsToLiquidate` array should correspond to a balance in the `vaultsBalances` array at the same index. This alignment ensures that the distribution of tokens during liquidation is proportional to each vault's balance.
```solidity
function _performLiquidation(
    // ... (other parameters)
    IDestinationVault[] memory vaultsToLiquidate,
    // ... (other parameters)
    uint256[] memory vaultsBalances
) private {
    // ... (other code)
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < length; ++i) {
        IDestinationVault vaultAddress = vaultsToLiquidate[i];
        // ... (other code)

        uint256 amount = amountReceived * vaultsBalances[i] / totalBalanceToLiquidate;

        // ... (other code)
    }
}
```
## Impact
Incorrect token distributions during the liquidation process can lead to some vaults receiving more or fewer tokens than intended. This undermines the fairness of the liquidation and can negatively impact user trust and satisfaction.
## Code Snippet
(
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/liquidation/LiquidationRow.sol#L240-L282
)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a verification step to ensure that the `vaultsToLiquidate` array aligns properly with the `vaultsBalances` array before calling the `_performLiquidation` function. This can be achieved by confirming that each vault in the `vaultsToLiquidate` array corresponds to a balance in the `vaultsBalances` array at the same index. Failing this alignment check, the function should either revert the transaction or emit an error to prevent incorrect token distributions.