Mini Onyx Terrier

medium

# Possible incorrect token distributions due to Arithmetic Underflow during Fee Deduction from the `_performLiquidation` function
## Summary
The absence of a check to prevent the deduction of a fee larger than the `amountReceived` in the `_performLiquidation` function could lead to arithmetic underflow. 
## Vulnerability Detail
The `_performLiquidation` function performs a deduction of the calculated fee from the `amountReceived` without verifying that the `fee` is not greater than the received amount. This lack of validation can result in arithmetic underflow if the calculated `fee` exceeds the `amountReceived`. The following code snippet demonstrates this vulnerability:
```solidity
uint256 fee = calculateFee(amountReceived);

// No check to prevent fee underflow
amountReceived -= fee;
```
## Impact
The arithmetic underflow can lead to unexpected large positive values for `amountReceived`, which may result in incorrect calculations and unintended behavior in the liquidation process. This could potentially cause incorrect token distributions, invalid financial transactions, and disrupt the accuracy of event logs.
## Code Snippet
(
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/liquidation/LiquidationRow.sol#L254-L263
)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a check to ensure that the calculated fee is not larger than the `amountReceived` before performing the deduction. If the `fee` is greater, the function should handle the situation appropriately, such as reverting the transaction or emitting an error event. This mitigation step ensures that fee deductions are performed safely, preventing potential arithmetic underflows and maintaining the integrity of the liquidation process.
````solidity
if (fee > amountReceived) {
    // Handle the case where the fee is greater than the amountReceived
    // This could be a revert, an error event, or an alternative action
}

// Deduct the fee from amountReceived
amountReceived -= fee;
```
By including this check, the vulnerability is effectively mitigated, preventing the risk of arithmetic underflow during fee deduction.