Puny Coral Eel

medium

# Chainlink aggregators return the incorrect price if it drops below `minAnswer`
## Summary

Chainlink aggregators have a predetermined min/max returned value. In extreme situations an assets price may exceed this bound, in which case the protocol will price them inaccurately.

## Vulnerability Detail

Chainlink aggregators have a built in circuit breaker if the price of an asset goes outside of a predetermined price band. The result is that if an asset experiences a huge drop in value (i.e. LUNA crash) the price of the oracle will continue to return the `minAnswer` instead of the actual price of the asset. See [Chainlink's docs](https://docs.chain.link/data-feeds#check-the-latest-answer-against-reasonable-limits) for more info.

Chainlink's `latestRoundData` pulls the associated aggregator and requests round data from it. ChainlinkAggregators have `minAnswer` and `maxAnswer` circuit breakers built into them. This means that if the price of the asset drops below the `minAnswer`, the protocol will continue to value the token at `minAnswer` instead of it's actual value. This will allow users to exploit certain parts of the protocol.

This discrepency could cause major issues within the protocol and potentially lead to loss of funds. This is exactly what happened to  [Venus on BSC when LUNA imploded](https://rekt.news/venus-blizz-rekt/).

## Impact

Incorrectly priced assets may lead to loss of funds through undercollateralization, unfair liquidations, etc.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/oracles/providers/ChainlinkOracle.sol#L108

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add a check to revert if the price received from the oracle is out of bounds.