Happy Plastic Crow

high

# The withdrawal loop does not update number of shares that already were burnt
## Summary
When a user wants to withdraw assets and there aren't enough idle assets, the system starts pulling from multiple destinations in proper order. However, it doesn't adjust the amount it's pulling based on what's already been taken. This means the user gets a piece from each source until they get what they asked for. 

Since there is no update on how many shares of user have already been burnt, it leads to a situation that if pulling from subsequent destinations does not satisfy user requested amount, then next destination is pulled from. At the end, it may turn out that any losses or intermediate inefficient swaps costs are on the protocol, since the protocol aims to deliver value close to 100% of shares value (using the preview functions) and the loop, due to lack of share amount update, will be able to try to satisfy user needs trying in each destination. 

If a slippage on intermediate swaps happen, and it is likely to happen, even may be allowed by user, any inefficiency will be covered by the protocol.
But if there is even slippage enforcement, user can intentionally try to put high slippage tolerance, because the target amount will still be this from preview function without accounting for slippage. 

However if the shares are properly updated underway, at some point of a very inefficient swap serie, user would run out of available shares at some point, and the call will presumably revert due to not meeting minimal amount as expected.

## Vulnerability Detail
If there are not enough idle assets to satisfy user withdrawal, the remaining funds are pulled from subsequent destinations.
The [loop that iterates over destinations](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L470) uses `shares` as an argument in every iteration.  

Below is a code walkthrough:

For instance let's consider exact flow of `redeem` to analyze the execution flow here.
The flow for `withdraw` is very similar, just at the beginning user specifies `maxSharesOut` but they are also subject to calculation to corresponding amount of assets, which later has to be satisfied by the protocol when pulling funds out of destinations. Please see the description of the `redeem` exemplary flow below:

- `withdrawBaseAsset()` call is initiated by an user calling a [redeem](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVaultRouterBase.sol#L93C13-L93C14) from the `Router` component (or any other wrapper to these routines).

- The parameters specified by user and relevant here are `shares` which is how many shares user is willing to give back to receive funds, and `minAmountOut` which is acting as slippage protection and allows user to set a minimum amount of tokens received back, otherwise the routine [reverts at the end](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVaultRouterBase.sol#L102-L104).

- This routine call the underlying LMPVault's function [withdraw](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L400), which calls [_withdraw()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L448) in the same contract. Parameters to `withdraw` are: `possibleAssets = previewRedeem(shares)` so a precomputed value based on calculation how many assets user is likely to receive, and `shares` which is passed from the first call - number of shares user wants to sacrifice.

- Now, the vulnerability lies in [LMPVault's _withdraw](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L448) and related subroutines. In order to undestand it, again there are highlighted key operations:
   - There is a check for idle assets. If there is not enough for them to satisfy `assets` amount, we proceed further. In order for vulnerable condition to occur, there should be insufficient idle assets and the required assets should be pulled from destinations. These destinations are checked in an order of `withdrawalQueue`, in a [loop](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L469)
   - For each destination in the queue, there are multiple operations, but what is relevant here is that:
      - `sharesToBurn` and `totalDebtBurn` are calculated based on user shares' part in total shares and their value in function `_calcUserWithdrawSharesToBurn`.  
      - inside, [DestinationVault's withdrawBaseAsset](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/DestinationVault.sol#L244) is called with the pre-calculated `sharesToBurn` argument, which is derived from original `shares` amount in the beginning of the loop
      - later, at the end of the `_withdraw` loop, there is a check if `totalAssetsToPull` were satisfied, if not, the loop goes on. This is the issue, since there is no check if user already exceeded his limit of shares, and the loop will go on either until end of destinations OR until all the value, closest to previewAmount worth of user shares is met. Slippage may cause inefficiencies on the value returned from a vault, especially if `withdrawBaseAsset` with underlying functions with no slippage is called. The the protocol will search for that value in another vault etc. and will eventually cover slippage costs for the user.


On first iteration, everything is ok, but IF the first destination will not be enough to satisfy user needs and more destination are needed to pull user funds from, there will be again calculation based on how many shares user has, despite some of them have already been "used" for a withdrawal. So it will be possible to pull more assets than user should be able to get.

At the end of loop, user shares are just burnt without checking how many of them were in fact used, just 100% is burned and if possible, user gets value closest to 100% of what he should, even if there was slippage, at cost of the protocol.


## Impact
Since the protocol aims to deliver 100% of value for shares (by preview) and the loop runs with the initial shares amount, for every destination, until that amount is collected, it is then possible that any inefficiency underway, e.g. slippage on swaps, will be covered by the protocol. It is difficult to tell, if this could be automated and exploited purposedly, but for sure this will cause the protocol to pay for such inefficient swaps.

## Code Snippet

```solidity

// slither-disable-next-line cyclomatic-complexity
    function _withdraw(
        uint256 assets,
        uint256 shares,
        address receiver,
        address owner
    ) internal virtual returns (uint256) {
        uint256 idle = totalIdle;
        WithdrawInfo memory info = WithdrawInfo({
            currentIdle: idle,
            assetsFromIdle: assets >= idle ? idle : assets,
            totalAssetsToPull: assets - (assets >= idle ? idle : assets),
            totalAssetsPulled: 0,
            idleIncrease: 0,
            debtDecrease: 0
        });

        // If not enough funds in idle, then pull what we need from destinations
        if (info.totalAssetsToPull > 0) {
            uint256 totalVaultShares = totalSupply();

            // Using pre-set withdrawalQueue for withdrawal order to help minimize user gas
            uint256 withdrawalQueueLength = withdrawalQueue.length;
            for (uint256 i = 0; i < withdrawalQueueLength; ++i) {
                IDestinationVault destVault = IDestinationVault(withdrawalQueue[i]);
                (uint256 sharesToBurn, uint256 totalDebtBurn) = _calcUserWithdrawSharesToBurn(
                    destVault,
                    shares,//@audit here is the original shares amount and it is not updated anywhere
                    info.totalAssetsToPull - Math.max(info.debtDecrease, info.totalAssetsPulled),
                    totalVaultShares
                );
                if (sharesToBurn == 0) {
                    continue;
                }


```


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Keep current user shares in a separate variable. After some shares are calculated for burning, subtract the already "virtually burnt" amount from the current user shares. Once user virtually runs out of shares, the loop should be discontinued and should return current result.

