Boxy Orchid Lizard

high

# Order dependent token verification
## Summary
/
In the _verifyPoolTokensMatch function, the code verifies whether the given tokens match the pool's assets by comparing each token's address directly.
this approach assumes that the order of tokens in both arrays is exactly the same. If the order of tokens does not match, it could lead to a discrepancy between the tokens being approved and the tokens actually used in the withdrawal, resulting in incorrect behavior and potential loss of funds.

## Vulnerability Detail
See the summary 
The vulnerable part in code : 

```solidity
function _verifyPoolTokensMatch(address[] memory tokens, IERC20[] memory poolTokens) private pure {
    uint256 nTokens = tokens.length;
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < nTokens; ++i) {
        IERC20 currentToken = IERC20(tokens[i]);
        if (currentToken != poolTokens[i]) { // <-- Vulnerable comparison
            revert TokenPoolAssetMismatch();
        }
    }
}
```

## Impact

attacker can manipulate the order of tokens in the tokens array when calling the withdrawal functions, causing the approval of tokens that do not match the pool's assets. This can lead to improper withdrawals and potential loss of funds if incorrect tokens are withdrawn.
And this scenario show how can do that by an attacker : 

- The attacker identifies the target pool and its underlying token assets.
- They maliciously construct an array of tokens for withdrawal, intentionally altering the order of tokens.
- As the withdrawal function executes, the _verifyPoolTokensMatch function enters the scene. Here, the innocent-looking code snippet performs a naive comparison between the currentToken and poolTokens[i].
- - the wicked twist lies in the order! The attacker's cunning manipulation confounds the code's expectations. 
The direct comparison, meant to ensure asset integrity, crumbles as it finds tokens in unexpected places.
- With the code blinded by its reliance on token order, the attacker's manipulated array passes the check. The gatekeepers are deceived.
- The attacker's  manipulation triggers the approval of mismatched tokens, and they seize the opportunity to perform the withdrawal.
Chaos ensues! The code, now fooled by the attacker's sleight of hand, orchestrates the withdrawal of incorrect tokens. A cascade of unintended consequences results in improper withdrawals and potential loss of funds.
- The attacker's artful manipulation has yielded a sinister outcome: the pool's assets are exposed to exploitation, leading to financial devastation for those who trust the contract code.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/destinations/adapters/BalancerBeethovenAdapter.sol#L351C42-L372C8

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
 use a mapping or another method to verify that the provided tokens are indeed part of the pool's assets And checking the mapping in the _verifyPoolTokensMatch function