Blunt Inky Yeti

medium

# LMPVault.sol is not EIP-4626 compliant
## Summary
The `LMPVault.sol` should be 4626 compatible, but returned value from `LMPVault.sol.redeem` function is not same as returned value from `LMPVault.sol.previewRedeem` function.

## Vulnerability Detail
Based on the project document, the The `LMPVault.sol` contract expected to comply with `EIP ERC-4626`. but because of in the process of removing liquidity from a project like Curve Finance, the user suffers some loss. but this loss is not shown in `previewRedeem`. So the assets amount received from `redeem` is always less than the asset amount shown from `previewRedeem`.
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak#q-is-the-codecontract-expected-to-comply-with-any-eips-are-there-specific-assumptions-around-adhering-to-those-eips-that-watsons-should-be-aware-of

All official EIP-4626 requirements can be found on it's [official page](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4626#methods). Based on the `ERC-4626` document, `redeem should return the same or more assets as previewRedeem if called in the same transaction.`

But in the `LMPVault.sol`, as i mentions at above, because of in the process of removing liquidity from a project like Curve Finance, the user suffers some loss. so in same transaction, returned value from `LMPVault.sol.redeem` function will not be same as returned value from `LMPVault.sol.previewRedeem` function.

Another problem is that At all, LMPVault.sol.withdraw method will not work because actualAssets always will be lower than assets. for example when you remove liquidity from Curve, there is some lose in transaction.
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L416

## Impact
Other protocols that integrate with `Tokemak` may wrongly assume that the functions are EIP-4626 compliant. Thus, it might cause integration problems in the future that can lead to wide range of issues for both parties.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L422
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L372

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
All functions mentioned above should be modified to meet the specifications of EIP-4626