Nutty Admiral Scorpion

high

# Custom Oracle is vulnerable to sandwitch attack when having a price update
## Summary  
Custom Oracle is vulnerable to a sandwitch attack when having a price update.

## Vulnerability Detail
When the oracle price is updated by calling the function `setPrices()`, an attacker can sandwich the `ORACLE_MANAGER_ROLE` address with 2 transactions to gain a profit from any function calling `getPriceInEth` from the Custom Oracle contract.

```solidity
function setPrices( 
        address[] memory tokens,
        uint256[] memory ethPrices,
        uint256[] memory queriedTimestamps
    ) external hasRole(Roles.ORACLE_MANAGER_ROLE) {
```

```solidity
    function getPriceInEth(address token) external view returns (uint256 price) {
        Price memory data = prices[token];

        // MaxAge == 0 is our check for registered tokens. 0 isn't allowed
        if (data.maxAge == 0) {
            revert TokenNotRegistered(token);
        }

        // Ensure the data isn't too stale to use
        // slither-disable-next-line timestamp
        if (data.timestamp + data.maxAge < block.timestamp) { 
            revert InvalidAge(block.timestamp - data.timestamp);
        }
        price = data.price;
      }
```

`ORACLE_MANAGER_ROLE` sends the transaction to update the oracle price, and it gets placed in the mempool.
Attacker sees these transactions and sends himself 2 transactions.
The attacker sets the gas to ensure that the first tx gets included before the price update, and the second one after the price update.
The executed Transactions in order will be:
The attacker calls any function that calls `getPriceInEth` from the Custom Oracle contract with price1.
`ORACLE_MANAGER_ROLE` updates Oracle price to price2.
The attacker calls any function that calls `getPriceInEth` from the Custom Oracle contract with price2.
If the monitoring was done correctly and price2 is bigger than price1, profit will be made.

## Impact
Any function  that calls `getPriceInEth` from the Custom Oracle can be sandwiched for profit

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/5d8e902ce33981a6506b1b5fb979a084602c6c9a/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/oracles/providers/CustomSetOracle.sol#L100-L147
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To prevent the specific attack vector, maybe there can be a cooldown period that pauses and unpauses before and after the price update. (in separate transactions)