Glorious Beige Salamander

high

# A derived contract overriding calculateEthPerToken() can manipulate the backing per token value
## Summary
The calculateEthPerToken() function is virtual and public. A derived contract could override this in a malicious way to manipulate the backing per token value. 
## Vulnerability Detail
The key parts of the code is [Link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/stats/calculators/base/LSTCalculatorBase.sol#L228)
This allows a derived contract to override the logic.
A malicious contract could exploit this by:
1. Inheriting from LSTCalculatorBase
2. Overriding calculateEthPerToken() to always return a fake high value
3. Deploying this contract
4. Having the LST token point to the malicious contract 
This would make it appear there is a much higher backing per LST than there actually is

## Impact
- Make the backing per token appear higher than it really is.
- The inflated backing per token would incorrectly reduce the calculated premium/discount of the LST price to its backing.
- It could hide a true discount of the LST price to its backing, making the LST appear healthier than it is.
- The inflated backing per token would reduce the calculated base APR, making the yield appear lower than it really is.
- The inflated backing would reduce detected slashing amounts, hiding protocol losses.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/stats/calculators/base/LSTCalculatorBase.sol#L228
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
calculateEthPerToken() should not be virtual and overrideable. It should be defined internal or private in the base contract
