Mini Clay Wren

medium

# Unhandled Chainlink revert Would Lock Access To Oracle Price Access
## Summary
Chainlink's latestRoundData() is used which could potentially revert and make it impossible to query any prices. This could lead to permanent denial of service.
## Vulnerability Detail
The current implementation of the chainlink oracle might cause a DoS as the getPriceInEth function is not wrapped inside a try catch block.

The ChainlinkOracle.getPriceInEth() function makes use of Chainlink's latestRoundData() to get the latest price. However, there is no fallback logic to be executed when the access to the Chainlink data feed is denied by Chainlink's multisigs.

As https://blog.openzeppelin.com/secure-smart-contract-guidelines-the-dangers-of-price-oracles/ mentions, it is possible that Chainlink’s  multisigs can immediately block access to price feeds at will". When this occurs, executing latestRoundData reverts , which causes denial of service for the functions using the getPriceInEth function here 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/5d8e902ce33981a6506b1b5fb979a084602c6c9a/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/oracles/providers/ChainlinkOracle.sol#L103
## Impact
ChainlinkOracle.getPriceInEth() could revert and cause denial of service to the protocol.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/5d8e902ce33981a6506b1b5fb979a084602c6c9a/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/oracles/providers/ChainlinkOracle.sol#L108
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Surround the call to latestRoundData() with try/catch instead of calling it directly. In a scenario where the call reverts, the catch block can be used to call a fallback oracle or handle the error in any other suitable way.

Refer to https://blog.openzeppelin.com/secure-smart-contract-guidelines-the-dangers-of-price-oracles/ for more information regarding potential risks to account for when relying on external price feed providers.