Happy Infrared Nightingale

medium

# In notifyRewardAmount() some tokens will be locked and not distributed because of the rounding error
## Summary

Because of the rounding error, some of the reward tokens will be stuck in contract and they will not be distributed. 

## Vulnerability Detail

Function `notifyRewardAmount(...)` calculates `rewardRate` for reward token/s. To calculate rewardRate it divides reward amount to `durationInBlock` but because of the rounding error in division, some of reward amount wouldn’t get distributed and stuck in contract `(rewardRate * duration < reward)`, and the contract doesn’t redistribute them or doesn’t have any mechanism to recover them. This bug can be more damaging if the precision of rewardToken is low or token price is high. The code for `notifyRewardAmount(...)` is shown below in code snippet section.

In the code, you can see it sets `rewardRate = reward / durationInBlock;` and this is where the rounding error happens. and even if contract distributes all in all, the duration it will distribute `rewardRate * duration` which can be lower than reward and the extra reward amount will stuck in contract. The ´queueNewRewards()` code calls `notifyRewardAmount()`.

It queues `rewardToken` and when the reward amount reaches some point, it calls `notifyRewardAmount()` and set `queuedRewards` to 0. `notifyRewardAmount()` will set rewardRate based on reward amount but because of the rounding error some of the reward token `0 =< unused < duration` will be stuck in contract and it will not be distributed. If the token has low precision or has higher price then this amount value can be very big because `notifyRewardAmount()` can be called multiple times.

## Impact

`rewardRate` may round down and cause a certain amount of tokens not to be distributed. In lack of a way for the operator to re-queue the undistributed rewards, those tokens will be lost and result in loss of yield.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/rewarders/AbstractRewarder.sol#L274-L291

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/rewarders/AbstractRewarder.sol#L235-L255

## Tool used

Manual Review + in-house tool

## Recommendation

Add extra amount to `queuedRewards` so it would be distributed on next `notifyRewardAmount()` or add other mechanism to recover it.