Radiant Sand Dog

medium

# Users might incur in high slippage on withdrawal
## Summary

The `DestinationVault` contract does not allow users to specify the `minBuyAmount` parameter for the swaps performed when withdrawing base assets from the `LMPVault` contract. This can lead to unnecessary high slippage and MEV bots may be able to front-run these swaps to their advantage and profit from the slippage margin.

## Vulnerability Detail

The process of withdrawing base assets for users is as follows:
1) User calls `withdraw` or `redeem` from the `LMPVaultRouterBase` contract.
2) The `LMPVaultRouterBase` calls `withdraw` or `redeem` on the `LMPVault` contract.
3) The `LMPVault` calls `withdrawBaseAsset` on the `DestinationVault` contract.
4) `DestinationVault` removes liquidity from the destination pool, swaps the received tokens for the base asset, and transfers the base asset to the `LMPVault`.
5) The `LMPVault` transfers the base asset to the user.

The processes for burning LP tokens and swaps to the base asset performed in step 4 receive parameters for slippage protection, but these values are set to zero in the `DestinationVault` contract. This is done because it is expected that the slippage is controlled by the caller contract. In this case, this protection is done in step 1, as `LMPVaultRouterBase` checks for `maxSharesOut` in the `withdraw` function and for `minAmountOut` in the `redeem` function.

The problem is that this slippage protection happens globally, so individual swaps can incur unnecessary high slippage. Depending on the amount of tokens being swapped, it can be difficult to calculate the proper `maxSharesOut` or `minAmountOut` values, as it will require to account for potential liquidity changes in all of the swaps. So users may be forced to use a too high/low value for these parameters and MEV bots may be able to front-run these swaps to their advantage and profit from the slippage margin.

## Impact

Users can incur unnecessary high slippage when withdrawing base assets from the `LMPVault` contract if many swaps are performed in the process.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVaultRouterBase.sol#L72-L109

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/DestinationVault.sol#L260-L276

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Allow users to specify the `minBuyAmount` parameter for each of the swaps performed in the `DestinationVault` contract.