Bent Sage Nuthatch

medium

# GPToke.previewPoints allows users with shorter duration locks to gain more points than those with longer locks.
## Summary
Users who lock later in the epoch can gain more points than those who locked for longer periods but at an earlier time.

## Vulnerability Detail
When calculating a users points in previewPoints the further away from the startEpoch their stakes end is the more points they will receive. This allows later users with short lock times to gain more points than early users with long lock times.

POC:
1. Bob stakes stakeAmount for 1 year.
2.  10 months pass.
3. Dave stakes stakeAmount for 3 months.

Bob will receive   1,799,999,999,999,999,984 points.
Dave will receive 1,873,945,358,134,232,948 points, which is 73,945,358,134,232,800 more than Bob even though he staked for a substantially smaller time.

This can be shown by adding the following test to Staking.t. (will also need to add import "forge-std/console.sol";)
```Solidity
    function testLaterStakePreviewPoints() public {
        (uint256 points, uint256 end) = gpToke.previewPoints(stakeAmount, ONE_YEAR);
        assertEq(points, 1_799_999_999_999_999_984);
        assertEq(end, block.timestamp + ONE_YEAR);

        skip(300 days);
        (uint256 points2, uint256 end2) = gpToke.previewPoints(stakeAmount, 90 days);

        console.log(points);       // 1,799,999,999,999,999,984
        console.log(points2);      // 1,873,945,358,134,232,948
    }
```

## Impact
Users with shorter locks  can receive more rewards than with those with longer lock times penalising early users of the protocol.

## Code Snippet
[GPToke.sol#L183-L196](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/staking/GPToke.sol#L183-L196)

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider modifying the calculation of endYearpoc to use duration instead of end - startEpoch. That way users will receive the same bonuses for the same lock times regardless of when during the epoch they stake.
```Solidity
uint256 endYearpoc = (duration * 1e18) / 365 days;
```