Refined Porcelain Shetland

medium

# Exploit `rewardPerToken()` division to steal all tokens in the reward pool if ERC4626 vault have no deposit. Admin function `Rewarder.queueNewRewards()` lack protection during init reward token period.
## Summary

There's a problem with how rewards are given out. If the admin starts giving rewards just after creating a new `LMPVault` (especially when there are very few or no deposits), users can exploit this and take all the rewards for themselves. The issue arises because the system doesn't check if there are enough deposits before starting to give out rewards.

While `LMPVault` already prevent ERC4626 slippage exploit, the same exploit can be used to steal reward under above condition.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a new `LMPVault` is created, the rewards are zero. They start only when the admin decides so by calling a function named `queueNewRewards()`. But here's the catch: if someone deposits a tiny amount just after this, they can trick the system:

```js
    function rewardPerToken() public view returns (uint256) {
        uint256 total = totalSupply();
        if (total == 0) {
            return rewardPerTokenStored;
        }//@audit H ERC4626 manipulation 1wei totalSupply here. deposit 1 wei to get huge amount of token reward. Due to fixed 1e18 multiplication

        return rewardPerTokenStored + ((lastBlockRewardApplicable() - lastUpdateBlock) * rewardRate * 1e18 / total);
    }
```

An attacker can simply deposit a minuscule token amount, thereby making the `totalSupply()` just slightly above zero. This would cause the `rewardPerToken()` to skyrocket. The attacker can then proceed to drain all the reward tokens.

## Impact

Lack of admin check before start giving out rewards. User can exploit this to steal all rewards under condition that `totalSupply()` is small enough to be manipulated.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/rewarders/AbstractRewarder.sol#L174-L181
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To prevent this vulnerability:

1. Shift from an integer-based reward system to floating-point values in the `rewardPerToken()` function, ensuring better precision.
2. Introduce admin-level validations: disallow rewards distribution unless the `totalSupply()` surpasses a defined threshold, like `1e18`, thereby reducing the manipulation window.
