Clean Mulberry Gecko

medium

# Cross-contract system-level pause does not work
## Summary

Cross-contract system-level pause does not pause all pausable contracts as intended, which might lead to a further loss of assets during an emergency.

## Vulnerability Detail

There are two types of pause features within the protocols:

1. Cross-contract system-level pause - Allow the protocol team to pause all pausable contracts in the system per the codebase's comment below.

   https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/security/SystemSecurity.sol#L58

   ```solidity
   File: SystemSecurity.sol
   56:     /// @notice Pause every pausable contract in the system
   57:     /// @dev Reverts if already paused or not EMERGENCY_PAUSER role
   58:     function pauseSystem() external hasRole(Roles.EMERGENCY_PAUSER) {
   ```

1. Per-contract pause - Allow the protocol team to pause the individual contract

During a system-level pause, the `_systemPaused` will be set to `True`. The `paused()` function has been overwritten to handle the system-level pause. As a result, all pausable contracts in the system except `GPToke` contract will be paused.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/security/Pausable.sol#L69

```solidity
File: Pausable.sol
68:     /// @notice Returns true if the contract or system is paused, and false otherwise.
69:     function paused() public view virtual returns (bool) {
70:         return _paused || _systemSecurity.isSystemPaused();
71:     }
```

The root cause is that `GPToke` contract inherits its `Pausable` contract from the `openzeppelin-contracts/security/Pausable.sol` instead of Tokemak's `security/Pausable.sol`, which ignores the system-level pause.

## Impact

During an emergency (e.g., protocol being attacked), it is critical that the cross-contract system-level pause work as expected to stop the entire protocol to minimize the impact of the negative events and/or to stop any attacks and buy time to identify the issue. If it is not working as expected, the attacks could continue after the system-level pause, leading to a further loss of assets.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/security/SystemSecurity.sol#L58

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/security/Pausable.sol#L69

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Update the `GPToke` contract to use Tokemak's `security/Pausable.sol` so that it respects a system-level pause from the System Security.