Clean Mulberry Gecko

medium

# Reward tokens will be stuck if admin of 0x is compromised or turns malicious
## Summary

If the 0x team is compromised or turns malicious and executes certain actions (e.g., pause or upgrade) that result in the 0x protocol being no longer usable, the reward tokens are stuck in the `LiquidationRow` contract since there is no way to sweep the stuck reward tokens out of the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

> **Important**
> Per the [contest detail page](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak-xiaoming9090/tree/main#q-are-the-admins-of-the-protocols-your-contracts-integrate-with-if-any-trusted-or-restricted), admins of the external protocols are marked as "Restricted" (Not Trusted). This means that any potential issues arising from the external protocol's admin actions (maliciously or accidentally) are considered valid in the context of this audit.
>
> **Q: Are the admins of the protocols your contracts integrate with (if any) TRUSTED or RESTRICTED?**
>
> RESTRICTED

During the liquidation of reward tokens in `LiquidationRow` contract, it relies on the `AsyncSwapper` to swap the reward tokens (e.g. CRV/CVX/LDO/FXS/3Crv) to base assets (WETH) before queuing them to the DV's main rewarder.

Per the `LMPVaultRouter.t.sol` and `Addresses.sol` in the codebase and discussion with the protocol team, it was understood that the intention is to use 0x exchange as the aggregator to perform the swap. Thus, the immutable `AGGREGATOR` will be set to 0x exchange proxy (`0xDef1C0ded9bec7F1a1670819833240f027b25EfF`).

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/liquidation/BaseAsyncSwapper.sol#L16

```solidity
File: BaseAsyncSwapper.sol
10: contract BaseAsyncSwapper is IAsyncSwapper, ReentrancyGuard {
11:     // solhint-disable-next-line var-name-mixedcase
12:     address public immutable AGGREGATOR;
13: 
14:     constructor(address aggregator) {
15:         if (aggregator == address(0)) revert TokenAddressZero();
16:         AGGREGATOR = aggregator;
17:     }
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/test/utils/Addresses.sol#L33

```solidity
File: Addresses.sol
33: address constant ZERO_EX_MAINNET = 0xDef1C0ded9bec7F1a1670819833240f027b25EfF;
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/test/vault/LMPVaultRouter.t.sol#L84

```solidity
File: LMPVaultRouter.t.sol
83:         AsyncSwapperRegistry asyncSwapperRegistry = new AsyncSwapperRegistry(systemRegistry);
84:         IAsyncSwapper swapper = new BaseAsyncSwapper(ZERO_EX_MAINNET);
85:         systemRegistry.setAsyncSwapperRegistry(address(asyncSwapperRegistry));
```

Based on the available information, the 0x team has the ability to pause or upgrade the protocol.

1) The emergency playbook (https://docs.0xprotocol.org/en/latest/additional/emergency.html) allows the team to disable the entire protocol.
2) The 0x exchange proxy ([`0xDef1C0ded9bec7F1a1670819833240f027b25EfF`](https://etherscan.io/address/0xdef1c0ded9bec7f1a1670819833240f027b25eff#code)) is an upgradable proxy.

Assume that a significant amount of reward tokens have been claimed and reside on the `LiquidationRow` contract waiting to be liquidated. Assume that 0x team is compromised or turns malicious and executes certain actions (e.g., pause or upgrade) that result in the 0x protocol being no longer usable.

When the liquidator attempts to perform the liquidation, the `LiquidationRow` contract will attempt to swap the reward tokens via 0x protocol, but it results in a revert as the 0x protocol is no longer usable.

Since the 0x exchange is no longer usable, the `AGGREGATOR` should be changed to another DEX, such as 1inch. However, since the `AGGREGATOR` is immutable and the `LiquidationRow` contract is non-upgradable, there is no way to update the `AGGREGATOR`. As such, the reward tokens are stuck in the `LiquidationRow` contract since there is no way to sweep the stuck reward tokens out of the contract.

## Impact

Reward tokens are stuck and lost.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/liquidation/BaseAsyncSwapper.sol#L16

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It is recommended to consider the possibility that the aggregator might fail due to a compromise and devise a plan to overcome this if this occurs. For instance, the aggregator can be made to be updatable by Tokemak's DAO/security council so that if 0x protocol is down, the aggregator can be updated to point to other DEX (e.g., 1inch) and proceed with the liquidation of the stuck reward tokens.