Nice Maroon Frog

medium

# Lowering the reward period length prevents queueing new rewards mid-period
## Summary

Lowering the reward period length during an active reward period prevents queueing new rewards mid-period, affecting liquidating LP rewards and topping up additional gpToke rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail

The rewarder contracts associated with each vault (both LMPVault`s and destination vaults) allow adding new rewards in base assets or `gpToke` tokens via the `AbstractRewarder.queueNewRewards` function. This function is called by permissioned addresses, for instance, the `LiquidationRow` contract or the project team. Rewards can be added mid-way through the current period, either by queuing the rewards until a certain threshold is reached (i.e., `queuedRatio < newRewardRatio`) or by immediately adding the rewards to the current reward period and extending the period accordingly.

The reward period length is specified in the number of blocks, configured via the `durationInBlock` variable. The project team can change this reward period length via the `setDurationInBlock` function:

[AbstractRewarder.setDurationInBlock](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/rewarders/AbstractRewarder.sol#L213)

```solidity
212: function setDurationInBlock(uint256 _durationInBlock) external hasRole(Roles.DV_REWARD_MANAGER_ROLE) {
213:     durationInBlock = _durationInBlock;
214:     emit RewardDurationUpdated(_durationInBlock);
215: }
```

However, **decreasing** this value during the current reward period negatively affects the ability to queue new rewards. Specifically, determining the number of elapsed blocks (`elapsedBlock`) in [line 245](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/rewarders/AbstractRewarder.sol#L245) reverts if `(periodInBlockFinish - durationInBlock)` is greater than the current block number `block.number` due to an underflow error.

`periodInBlockFinish` represents the block number when the current reward period ends, [determined and updated within the `notifyRewardAmount` function](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/rewarders/AbstractRewarder.sol#L288).

**Consider the following example:**

New rewards are added to the rewarder, and the `notifyRewardAmount` function is called. The current state is as follows:

- `block.number` is 17,000,000
- `durationInBlock` is 100,000
- `periodInBlockFinish` is 17,100,000

This means that the current reward period ends at block 17,100,000.

Fast forward 40,000 blocks, `block.number` is set to 17,040,000. The `setDurationInBlock` function is called, and the `durationInBlock` variable is set to 50,000.

Adding new rewards via the `queueNewRewards` function calculates `elapsedBlock` and reverts with an underflow error:

$$
\begin{align*}
    \text{elapsedBlock} &= \text{block.number} - (\text{periodInBlockFinish} - \text{durationInBlock}) \\
    &= 17,040,000 - (17,100,000 - 50,000) \\
    &= 17,040,000 - 17,050,000
\end{align*}
$$

> Even though this function is permissioned and the caller (i.e., `Roles.DV_REWARD_MANAGER_ROLE`) is trusted, the duration of the reward period can not be decreased as this would almost certainly lead to the mentioned error, affecting liquidating LP rewards. Even if changing (lowering) the duration is attempted when the current reward period has ended, the liquidator bot could potentially queue new rewards in the meantime and thus start a new reward period.

## Impact

Liquidating destination vault LP staking rewards with the `LiquidationRow` contract [queues the swapped and received base asset rewards in the rewarder](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/liquidation/LiquidationRow.sol#L277) contract associated with each vault. Unable to queue new rewards during the current reward period prevents the liquidator from doing so and requires waiting until the reward period concludes.

Additionally, gpToke rewards for the rewarder associated with an `LMPVault` can not be added to the current reward period as well.

## Code Snippet

[src/rewarders/AbstractRewarder.sol#L245](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/rewarders/AbstractRewarder.sol#L245)

```solidity
235: function queueNewRewards(uint256 newRewards) external onlyWhitelisted {
236:     uint256 startingQueuedRewards = queuedRewards;
237:     uint256 startingNewRewards = newRewards;
238:
239:     newRewards += startingQueuedRewards;
240:
241:     if (block.number >= periodInBlockFinish) {
242:         notifyRewardAmount(newRewards);
243:         queuedRewards = 0;
244:     } else {
245: ❌      uint256 elapsedBlock = block.number - (periodInBlockFinish - durationInBlock);
246:         uint256 currentAtNow = rewardRate * elapsedBlock;
247:         uint256 queuedRatio = currentAtNow * 1000 / newRewards;
248:
249:         if (queuedRatio < newRewardRatio) {
250:             notifyRewardAmount(newRewards);
251:             queuedRewards = 0;
252:         } else {
253:             queuedRewards = newRewards;
254:         }
255:     }
256:
257:     emit QueuedRewardsUpdated(startingQueuedRewards, startingNewRewards, queuedRewards);
258:
259:     // Transfer the new rewards from the caller to this contract.
260:     IERC20(rewardToken).safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), newRewards);
261: }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider adding a new storage variable (i.e., `nextDurationInBlock`) to keep track of the next reward period duration. This variable should get updated in the `setDurationInBlock` function, and whenever new rewards are queued via the `notifyRewardAmount` function, update the value of `durationInBlock` to the value of `nextDurationInBlock`.
