Lucky Magenta Squid

high

# `currentFeeApr` is calculated wrongly after each contract upgrade
## Summary
`currentFeeApr` will be wrongly set to higher than it should have been after each contract updated due to updating of `lastSnapshotTimestamp` even though no snapshot was made.

## Vulnerability Detail
`currentFeeApr` is slowly reduced in each `snapshot()` update. The amount reduced is calculated using `calculateAnnualizedChangeMinZero()`.

`calculateAnnualizedChangeMinZero()` is a function of time. It calculates the annnualized change by taking current time and subtract it from the last snapshotted time. 

The key issue here is that last snapshotted time is updated in `initialize()` even though no snapshot was made, i.e. lastSnapshotTimestamp = block.timestamp;

After an upgrade, the `currentFeeApr` will not be reduced by what it should have been since `lastSnapshotTimestamp` is updated to current time. 

## Impact
`currentFeeApr` will be a higher value than it should be after an upgrade.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/stats/calculators/base/CurvePoolRebasingCalculatorBase.sol#L195-L197
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/stats/calculators/base/CurvePoolRebasingCalculatorBase.sol#L133

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
`lastSnapshotTimestamp` is updated in the first initialization, but should not be updated in subsequent upgrades.

Note that similar issue can be found in BalancerStablePoolCalculatorBase.sol, CurvePoolNoRebasingCalculatorBase.sol and LSTCalculatorBase.sol.
