Oblong Fiery Chameleon

medium

# The deadline is not used in swapping in Uniswap V3
## Summary

The deadline parameter for Uniswap V3 swaps is set to the current block timestamp, which makes it ineffective for preventing delayed transactions.

## Vulnerability Detail

When swapping using Uniswap V3, the deadline parameter is used to prevent the transaction from being executed after a certain time. It helps to make sure that the swap amount and the slippage control are not outdated. For example, when the Ethereum network is congested and the price changes a lot, the transaction may be pending for a long time. When the transaction is executed, the min amount may not reflect the expected slippage control at the time of the transaction.

        IUniswapV3SwapRouter.ExactInputParams memory params = IUniswapV3SwapRouter.ExactInputParams({
            path: data,
            recipient: address(this),
            deadline: block.timestamp,
            amountIn: sellAmount,
            amountOutMinimum: minBuyAmount
        });

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/5d8e902ce33981a6506b1b5fb979a084602c6c9a/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/swapper/adapters/UniV3Swap.sol#L59

However, the deadline is set to the current block timestamp, which means that the transaction can be executed at any time. It should be set by a specific timestamp from the users instead. 

## Impact

The slippage control may not work as expected. The transaction can be executed when the price is suboptimal and affect the swap result of users.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/5d8e902ce33981a6506b1b5fb979a084602c6c9a/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/swapper/adapters/UniV3Swap.sol#L59

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implement deadline check recommended by Uniswap V3 by setting a specific timestamp from users instead of using block.timestamp. 