Bright Chili Wallaby

high

# Unlimited minting of Toke
## Summary
While reviewing the code I found that SOLVER_ROLE can mint unlimited Toke. Using function LMPVault#rebalance()
## Vulnerability Detail
[LMPVault#rebalance()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L691-L704) is used to rebalance the destination vault by SOLVER_ROLE. I have found that using this `LMPVault#rebalance()` function SOLVER_ROLE  can mint unlimited Toke. `rebalance()` takes input addresses of destinationOut & destinationIn using RebalanceParams struct. and this address are used to deposit and withdraw underlying assets. And there is no validation of addresses of destinationOut & destinationIn entered by SOLVER_ROLE . SOLVER_ROLE can create any fake contract that just returns value for specific functions. After this, the fee is calculated and minted Toke for feeSink . which will result in minting Toke without spending any token on destinationOut & destinationIn vaults .

POC:
1) SOLVER_ROLE tries to deposit some tokens in destinationIn vault using the controled address of destinationIn and tokenIn. according to that it gives input and calls `LMPVault#rebalance()` . lets say SOLVER_ROLE  provides any mock token as tokenIn
2) [LMPVault#rebalance()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L691-L704) internally calls [LMPDebt#rebalance()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/libs/LMPDebt.sol#L67-L140) . inside  `LMPDebt#rebalance()` only this validation `(params.destinationIn == params.destinationOut)` takes place .
3) In our case we want to just deposit tokens in destinationIn  then it skips calling `_handleRebalanceOut()`.
4) It transfers that amount of mock token to this address. then it calls `_handleRebalanceIn()`
5) Inside  `_handleRebalanceIn()` as we know dvIn (destinationIn) is a controlled address.  first it approves that mock token(tokenIn) to dvIn (destinationIn).
6) stores current balance. now controlled address will return any value lets say 1000.  then it deposite this mock token to dvIn (destinationIn) . As we know this dvIn (destinationIn) is a controlled contract then it will return any value let's say 500.
7) now it completes the execution of `LMPDebt#rebalance()` and internally calls [LMPVault#_collectFees()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L800-L832)  and takes input as idle:0, debt:500 and total supply
8) inside `_collectFees()` it calculates the fee and converts this to share and mint toke for feeSink address .
In this way SOLVER_ROLE  can mint unlimited toke tokens for feeSink.

## Impact
If SOLVER_ROLE goes malicious or his wallets get compromised then it is possible that using this method SOLVER_ROLE  will mint unlimited Toke.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L691-L704
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/libs/LMPDebt.sol#L67-L140
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L800-L832
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use whitelisting for destination vaults.  and apply this validation for inputs entered by SOLVER_ROLE  in `LMPVault#rebalance()`