Strong Gunmetal Pheasant

high

# All Ether in the LMPVaultRouter.sol can be drained by attackers because of the refundEth() function in the inherited PeripheryPayments.sol contract.
## Summary
The LMPVaultRouter.sol inherits from the LMPVaultRouterBase.sol Which in turn inherits from the PeripheryPayments.sol contract. The PeripheryPayments.sol contract implements the `refundETh()` function which is `external` and has no access control. The `refundETh()` function can be used to drain all Ether sent to the contract since it sends ETH to `msg.sender` without access control.
```solidity
function refundETH() external payable { //@audit ether here
        if (address(this).balance > 0) Address.sendValue(payable(msg.sender), address(this).balance);
    }
```

## Vulnerability Detail
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/utils/PeripheryPayments.sol#L67
The LMPVaultRouter.sol inherits from the LMPVaultRouterBase.sol Which in turn inherits from the PeripheryPayments.sol contract. The PeripheryPayments.sol contract implements the `refundETh()` function which is `external` and has no access control. The `refundETh()` function can be used to drain all Ether sent to the contract since it sends ETH to `msg.sender` without access control.

## Impact
All ETH in the LMPVaultRouter.sol can be easily stolen because of the `refundETH()` function in the inherited PeripheryPayments.sol contract.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
function refundETH() external payable {//@audit-issue access control.
        if (address(this).balance > 0) Address.sendValue(payable(msg.sender), address(this).balance);
    }
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add access control to the functions in PeripheryPayments.sol contracts for more security.