Gorgeous Blonde Seagull

false

# AbstractRewarder.sol may be subject to flashloan attack
## Summary

The earned() function -L206) calculates rewards for a specific address. The main contribution to the amount of reward is made by balanceOf(account) (https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/rewarders /AbstractRewarder.sol#L155-L157), i.e. the number of tokens that is on the account balance at the time of calculation.

function earned(address account) public view returns (uint256) {
     return (balanceOf(account) * (rewardPerToken() - userRewardPerTokenPaid[account]) / 1e18) + rewards[account];
}

The AbstractRewarder contract does not require a bet to be locked for any period of time. The AbstractRewarder contract also doesn't keep track of how long your bid has been locked. Thus, an attacker, Alice, can place bets, claim rewards, and cancel bets in a single transaction. If Alice takes advantage of the instant loan, then she will be able to get almost all of the rewards for herself, leaving very little for the legitimate participants.

Since the term loan will easily overshadow all stakes of legitimate participants, the contract erroneously awards almost all of the rewards to Alice.

## Vulnerability Detail

1. Wait for a large number of tokens to be rewarded
2. Take a flash loan and transfer to staked tokens
3. Get much more reward
4. Close the flash loan

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/rewarders /AbstractRewarder.sol#L155-L157

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Recommend requiring staking tokens to be staked for a certain period of time before a reward is calculated based on their quantity.
