Sticky Malachite Rook

medium

# No minAnswer/maxAnswer Circuit Breaker Checks while Querying Prices in ChainlinkOracle.sol
## Summary
The ChainlinkOracle.sol contract's current safety check prevents negative prices, but lacks a mechanism to constrain extreme values (minAnswer and maxAnswer). This omission could result in erroneous asset valuation, posing substantial risks to the protocol. A safeguard for extreme boundaries is crucial to maintain accurate pricing.

## Lines Of Code
[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/oracles/providers/ChainlinkOracle.sol#L103-L124](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/oracles/providers/ChainlinkOracle.sol#L103-L124)

## Vulnerability Detail
1. Chainlink aggregators have a built in circuit breaker if the price of an asset goes outside of a predetermined price band.
2.  The result is that if an asset experiences a huge drop in value (i.e. LUNA crash) the price of the oracle will continue to return the minPrice instead of the actual price of the asset. 
3. This is exactly what happened to [Venus on BSC when LUNA imploded](https://rekt.news/venus-blizz-rekt/).
4. `getPriceInEth()` function of `ChainlinkOracle.sol` contract retrieves the latest round data from Chainlink, if the asset's market price plummets below minAnswer or skyrockets above maxAnswer, the returned price will still be `minAnswer` or `maxAnswer`, respectively, rather than the actual market price.
5. This could potentially lead to an exploitation scenario where the protocol interacts with the asset using incorrect price information.


## Impact
The potential for misuse arises when the actual price of an asset drastically changes but the oracle continues to operate using the `minAnswer` or `maxAnswer` as the asset's price.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
(uint80 roundId, int256 price,, uint256 updatedAt,) = chainlinkOracle.oracle.latestRoundData();
uint256 timestamp = block.timestamp;
uint256 oracleStoredTimeout = uint256(chainlinkOracle.pricingTimeout);
uint256 tokenPricingTimeout = oracleStoredTimeout == 0 ? DEFAULT_PRICING_TIMEOUT : oracleStoredTimeout;
if (
      roundId == 0 || price <= 0 || updatedAt == 0 || updatedAt > timestamp
         || updatedAt < timestamp - tokenPricingTimeout
   ) revert InvalidDataReturned();
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
```diff
if (
     roundId == 0 || price <= 0 || updatedAt == 0 || updatedAt > timestamp
          || updatedAt < timestamp - tokenPricingTimeout
+         || price >= maxPrice || price <= minPrice
   ) revert InvalidDataReturned()
```    