Gorgeous Blonde Seagull

false

# The occurrence of a reorg attack can lead to the loss of funds
## Summary

Reorganization can occur in all EVM chains. In Ethereum, where Frankencoin is currently deployed, this is not "super-spread" but still happening, having been the last one less than a year ago:
https://decrypt.co/101390/ethereum-beacon-chain-blockchain-reorg.

The problem increases the number of changes taking place, because Frankencoin is thinking about rolling out also in L2, where the reorganizations were much more active:
https://protos.com/polygon-hit-by-157-block-reorg-despite-hard-fork-to-reduce-reorgs/.

Although tokemak plans to deploy only on ethereum, plans may change in the future.

The LMPVaultFactory.createVault() function deploys a clone contract using create (https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src /vault/DestinationVaultFactory.sol#L78-L85), where obtaining the address depends only on the salt parameter that comes in the input parameters. salt can be viewed through the mempool.

The problem arises when users rely on obtaining an address in advance, or try to deploy a clone of a position with the same address on different EVM chains, any funds sent to the new clone could potentially be lost. In general, this can lead to the loss of users' funds or unexpected conditions for using the service.

There is a small chance that two different users with the CREATE_POOL_ROLE role will use the same salt at the time of the reorganization.

## Vulnerability Detail

Imagine that Alice deploys a clone of a position and then sends funds to it. The unscrupulous user Bob with the CREATE_POOL_ROLE role sees that the network block is being reorganized and calls createVault with the same salt parameter. Thus, a clone of the position is created with the address to which Alice sends funds. Alice's transactions are then executed and Alice transfers the funds to Bob's position contract. This may lead to the loss of Alice's funds or to unexpected conditions for using the service.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/DestinationVaultFactory.sol#L78-L85

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Deploy the cloned position via create2 with a specific salt that includes msg.sender and the address of the cloned contract.