Gorgeous Blonde Seagull

false

# Missing deadline checks allow pending transactions to be maliciously executed
## Summary

Contracts BalancerV2Swap.sol, CurveV1StableSwap.sol, CurveV2Swap, MaverickAdapter.sol do not allow users to specify a deadline for their actions (deadline) that perform swaps through the specified services. This missing feature allows pending transactions to be executed maliciously at a later stage.

AMMs provide their users with the ability to limit their pending actions such as swaps or adding and removing liquidity. The most common solution is to include the deadline timestamp as a parameter (see Uniswap V2 and Uniswap V3 for example). If there is no such option, users can unknowingly make bad trades:

Alice wants to exchange 100 tokens for 1 ETH and then sell 1 ETH for 1000 DAI.
The transaction is sent to the mempool, however, Alice chose a transaction fee that was too low so that the miners would not be interested in including her transaction in the block. The transaction remains in memory for a long time, which can be hours, days, weeks, or even longer.
When the average gas fee falls enough to make Alice's transaction interesting for miners again, her swap will be executed. At the same time, the price of ETH could change dramatically. She will still receive 1 ETH, but the DAI value of this withdrawal could be much lower. She unknowingly made a failed trade due to a pending transaction that she forgot about.
An even worse way to abuse this problem is through MEV:

The swap transaction is still pending in the mempool. Average fees are still too high for miners to be interested in this. The price of tokens has risen significantly since the signing of the transaction, which means that Alice will receive much more ETH when the swap is completed. But it also means that its maximum slippage value ( sqrtPriceLimitX96 and minOut in terms of Papr contracts) is outdated and allows significant slippage.
The MEV bot detects a pending transaction. Since the deprecated maximum slip now allows for high slippage, the bot pins Alice, resulting in a significant profit for the bot and a significant loss for Alice.
Since Papr is directly built on Uniswap V3, such deadline options should also be offered to Papr users when transactions involve swaps. However, the deadline option is not available. Some functions like _increaseDebtAndSell are somewhat protected due to oracle signatures stale after 20 minutes, though even that might be too long for some transactions. Other functions, such as buyAndReduceDebt, are completely insecure.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add a deadline parameter to all functions that can potentially exchange on behalf of the user.
