Raspy Brick Orangutan

high

# Tokens without UniV3 pairs or having low liquidity can be stolen by an attacker

## Summary

The `UniV3Swap` contract facilitates swaps on the UniV3, potentially across multiple pools. However, it does not account for situations where a pool might not exist or is illiquid. This enable attackers to create or manipulate pools, thereby determining the price, which can potentially drain the contract's funds.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `swap()` function allows swaps, It does this by encoding a `path` which is a sequence of token addresses and pool fees that represent the pools to be used in the swaps. There are several issues with this approach:

1. **Non-existent Pools:** There's no check to determine if a pool on the swap path exists. This allows an attacker to front-run the swap with the creation of a pool, setting any desired fee and price. After doing so, they can execute the swap at their preferred price, potentially sweeping the contract's funds. Importantly, an attacker can do this with any of the swaps after the path has been decoded.

2. **Low Liquidity Pools:** The contract does not check the liquidity of the pool. A pool with low liquidity can be easily manipulated in terms of price. Quoting prices from a low liquidity pool is not feasible and can lead to unfavorable swap rates. Multiple paths should ideally be considered to ensure the best quote is used.

## Impact

An attacker can manipulate pool prices or create new pools to exploit the contract, potentially resulting in substantial losses for the contract or unfavorable swap rates for users.

## Code Snippet

Relevant portion from can be seen [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/5d8e902ce33981a6506b1b5fb979a084602c6c9a/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/swapper/adapters/UniV3Swap.sol#L45-L65)

<details>
  <summary>Click to see code reference</summary>

```solidity
function swap(
    address routerAddress,
    address sellTokenAddress,
    uint256 sellAmount,
    address,
    uint256 minBuyAmount,
    bytes memory data
) external override onlyRouter returns (uint256) {

    IERC20(sellTokenAddress).safeApprove(routerAddress, sellAmount);

    IUniswapV3SwapRouter.ExactInputParams memory params = IUniswapV3SwapRouter.ExactInputParams({
        path: data,
        recipient: address(this),
        deadline: block.timestamp,
        amountIn: sellAmount,
        amountOutMinimum: minBuyAmount
    });

    return IUniswapV3SwapRouter(routerAddress).exactInput(params);
}
```

</details>

## Tool used

Manual Audit

## Recommendation

Before executing a swap, verify the existence of all pools on the path to protect against non-existent pool exploits.

Additionally it's advisable implement a mechanism to check the liquidity of a pool. Ensure the pool's liquidity meets a predefined threshold before performing swaps.
