Smooth Boysenberry Gerbil

high

# liquidator/whitelisted accounts transfer more rewards than intended
## Summary
when transferring new rewards, liquidators transfer queued rewards + new rewards
## Vulnerability Detail
in abstractRewarder#queueNewRewards the caller of the function can specify the number of new rewards to queued and at the end those rewards are sent to the contract.

but before that there is a variable called `startingQueuedRewards` which is local variable that tracks `queuedRewards` which is a global variable that stores the amount of rewards in queue waiting to be distributed.

`startingNewRewards` is a local variable that stores the amount of new rewards that the caller wants to introduce to the contract.

`startingQueuedRewards` is added on to `newRewards`. then a few checks happen to see if the time for rewards has passed or not. then we move to another part of the function where the `queuedRatio` is checked against `newRewardRatio`, if its smaller then the queuedRewards are set to 0. if they are not then they are set to the newRewards. 

an event is emitted and a transfer happens. during the transfer the newRewards are whats sent to the contract from the caller of the function. this is where the vulnerability happens. newRewards contain the queued rewards + newRewards. instead of transferring what the caller wanted which is just the amount specified then adding that to the queued rewards for later distribution, they get to send whats in queue and what they want to add to the queue
## Impact
the caller of the function sends more tokens than intended 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/rewarders/AbstractRewarder.sol#L235-L261
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
track new rewards differently