Blurry Green Yak

medium

# LMPVault: Wrong accounting because of unsynced `totalDebt`
## Summary

`totalDebt` is a cached storage variable to track assets in destination vaults. It could be unsynced when destinations incur profit or loss. `mint`, `deposit`, `withdraw` and `redeam` could use a stale value and result in wrong shares mint or burned. Or user could profit by sandwich `updateDebtReporting` transaction.

## Vulnerability Detail

The sum of `totalIdle` and cached `totalDebt` represents the AUM.

```solidity
function totalAssets() public view override returns (uint256) {
    return totalIdle + totalDebt;
}
```

`totalDebt` could be unsynced if destinations incur reward, profit or loss. `updateDebtReporting` is to sync this storage variable  and could be called by anyone.

Wrong shares will be burned or minted if `totalDebt` is unsynced.

If destinations incur reward and profit, user can sandwich `updateDebtReporting` with mint and burn transactions to profit. The mint will mint a larger shares because `totalAssets()` will be smaller than real.

## Impact

Wrong shares will be burned or minted. User could profit by sandwich `updateDebtReporting` transaction.

## Code Snippet

`totalAssets()`:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L304-L306

`updateDebtReporting()`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L628-L630

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Having a keeper to call `updateDebtReporting` to sync `totalDebt` constantly will lower the impact.