Perfect Dijon Leopard

high

# `LMPVault.updateDebtReporting()` may be abused to only update certain destination vaults in order to gain a profit and/or steal funds from other users
## Summary

`LMPVault.updateDebtReporting()` can be called by anyone and a malicious actor can specify to only update the favorable `_destinations` to manipulate the current debt in order to make a profit or steal funds.

## Vulnerability Detail

Anybody can call `LMPVault.updateDebtReporting()`, and by doing so it's possible to include only certain destination vaults (DVs) in the `_destinations` function parameter, which can be exploited.

As an example:

1. There are 2 DVs DV1 and DV2 with each having a value of 450 as a debt, resulting in `LMPVault.totalDebt` to be `900` (`2 * 450`).

1. Now let's assume the debt changes in the DVs: DV1 now has `500` and DV2 has `400` debt. `LMPVault.totalDebt` would still be `900` when `LMPVault.updateDebtReporting()` is called with both DVs included in the `_destinations` function parameter.

1. However, a malicious actor can call `LMPVault.updateDebtReporting()` and only include DV2 in the `_destinations` function parameter so that the `LMPVault` calculates a `totalDebt` of only `850` (900 - 450 + 400) (calculation line 792 LMPVault.sol).<br>Note: The calculation on line 792 in `LMPVault` calculates: <br>`totalDebt (previousTotalDebtRecorded) - (prevDebt of destinations given) + (currentDebt of destinations given)` <br>and depends on the destination vaults given in the `_destinations` function parameter, which is controlled by the user.

1. With this manipulation of the `totalDebt` from the `LMPVault`, the malicious actor can get their shares cheaper when they deposit assets, since `LMPVault.totalAsssets()` is based on `LMPVault.totalDebt` (line 305 LMPVault.sol) and the `LMPVault._convertToShares()` method subsequently calculates the amount of `shares` given when the user deposits based on `LMPVault.totalAssets()`.

1. The malicious actor may also frontrun other depositors, by manipulating the `totalDebt` value of `LMPVault` to be higher, by calling `LMPVault.updateDebtReporting()` and only passing in DV1, where the `totalDebt` would then be calculated as (`900 - 450 + 500`) to equal `950`, making the shares more expensive for other depositors in the same way as the malicious actor made his shares cheaper.

## Impact

By manipulating the amount of shares that the malicious actor receives, they may steal funds from other depositors. Also a malicious actor may potentially frontrun other depositors to make them receive less shares than they should receive, thus potentially stealing even more funds from them.

The malicious actor can use the same exploit when they call `LMPVault.withdraw()` to manipulate (reduce) the amount of shares they have to provide (burn) in order to receive more assets than they should receive.

Also the exploit can be applied to minting and redeeming in `LMPVault`, since these transactions are relying on `LMPVault._convertToAssets()` subsequently where the calculation how many assets the malicious actor has to provide for receiving the shares (and vice versa) can also be manipulated in the same way as described above in favor of the malicious actor.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L628-L630

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L752-L798

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L305

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L587-L592

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L595-L598

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L412

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L431

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L390

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L412


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider adjusting `LMPVault.updateDebtReporting()` in a way that the method doesn't take `_destinations` as a function parameter and instead always updates all destination vaults.