Kind Banana Caterpillar

high

# Mint/Deposit with payable ETH will result in double spend
## Summary
If a user calls `LMPVaultRouterBase.mint()` or `LMPVaultRouterBase.deposit()` while sending ETH, they will pay double. Upon calling either function while sending ETH, the `_processEthIn(vault);` function is called. This deposits `msg.value` into the WETH9 contract, but nothing else. Later in the deposit execution, the expected WETH amount is pulled from `msg.sender`. Effectively, the caller sends both ETH and WETH.

## Vulnerability Detail
A user can use the LMPVaultRouter to conveniently deposit into a vault.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVaultRouterBase.sol#L44-L57

The first line in the execution is `_processEthIn(vault);`.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVaultRouterBase.sol#L111-L122

As can be seen above, the `msg.value` is deposited into the WETH9 contract, but it is credited to the `LMPVaultRouter` contract, not the caller. Later in the deposit operation, the expected WETH amount is pulled from the caller.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVaultRouterBase.sol#L54

## Impact
- Double spend of ETH/WETH. Loss of funds.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVaultRouterBase.sol#L44-L57

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
The WETH9 contract does not contain a `deposit()` function that accepts a recipient. Therefore, the best fix is either to:
- Deposit the ETH normally and transfer to the recipient.
- Deduct the deposited value from the `pullTokens()` amount to only pull the difference.
