Joyous Plastic Mallard

high

# mint() and deposit() with ETH from LMPVaultRouter will always revert when users have 0 WETH
## Summary
When users want to deposit() or mint() with ETH using LMPVaultRouterBase, these transactions always revert when user have 0 WEH balance as pullTokens() will attempt to pull tokens from caller as specified in params even after getting ETH as converting them to WETH. 

## Vulnerability Detail

Suppose Alice have 0 WETH and 1 ETH in his account, he wants to deposit 1 ETH to get 1e18 shares. Alice calls deposit() function of LMPVaultRouterBase with params below:
```solidity
deposit(wethVaultAddress,callerAddress,1e18,1e18)
```

Following line will convert the deposited ETH into WETH
```solidity
        _processEthIn(vault);
``` 
Now that the ETH is converted to WETH. The following line tries to pull 1 WETH from the Alice.
```solidity

        pullToken(vaultAsset, amount, address(this));

```
Alice had 0 WETH so the transaction will revert.

Same pattern is used inside the mint() function of LMPVaultRouterBase that will cause revert when minting with ETH.

Reference:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVaultRouterBase.sol#L44
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVaultRouterBase.sol#L54
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVaultRouterBase.sol#L23
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVaultRouterBase.sol#L34


## Impact
Vault router will always revert and the core functionality will not work as expected.

## Code Snippet
Links are given above in references

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Only pull WETH from user when msg.value < maxAmountInORamount.
Make sure to pull the difference between msg.value and maxAmountInORamount like below:
```solidity
if(msg.value < maxAmountInORamount){
uint amountToPull = maxAmountInORamount - msg.value;
pullToken(vaultAsset, amountToPull, address(this));
}
```