Faint Raisin Monkey

high

# Incorrect idle value accounting in `LMPVault.sol` leads to lost tokens.
## Summary

Incorrect idle value accounting in `LMPVault.sol` leads to lost tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail

The function `_withdraw` in `LMPVault.sol` is used to withdraw tokens from the vault. The function also calculates the change in the `idle` amount in the vault. In this context, `idle` refers to the assets sitting in the LMPVault, not assigned to any destination yet. The LMP vault pulls tokens from the destination vault, and then increases the idle amount to track these tokens now in the LMP vault.

```solidity
uint256 assetPreBal = _baseAsset.balanceOf(address(this));
uint256 assetPulled = destVault.withdrawBaseAsset(sharesToBurn, address(this));

// Destination Vault rewards will be transferred to us as part of burning out shares
// Back into what that amount is and make sure it gets into idle
info.idleIncrease += _baseAsset.balanceOf(address(this)) - assetPreBal - assetPulled;
```

More rewards can be received by the LMP vault than returned by the destination vault as part of burning shares. For this reason, these extra tokens are stored in the `info.idleIncrease` variable to keep track of them. The `extra` amount is calculated as the difference between the balance change, and the expected amount of tokens returned by the destination vault, `assetPulled`.

The issue is that this variable gets overwritten in the next if statement.

```solidity
if (info.totalAssetsPulled > info.totalAssetsToPull) {
    // @audit rewards overwritten!
    info.idleIncrease = info.totalAssetsPulled - info.totalAssetsToPull;
    info.totalAssetsPulled = info.totalAssetsToPull;
    break;
}
```

Now, the extra rewards stored in idleIncrease are overwritten by the difference between totalAssets pulled and assets expected to be pulled. Thus all the reward tokens which the contract was tracking up to now are overwritten and lost.

## Impact

The contract loses track of extra reward tokens from destination vaults.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-tokemak/blob/main/v2-core-audit-2023-07-14/src/vault/LMPVault.sol#L482-L497

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Replace the `=` with `+=` in the statement to keep track of the extra reward tokens.

```solidity
info.idleIncrease += info.totalAssetsPulled - info.totalAssetsToPull;
```